Have you ever had the perfect
data science experiment?
You ran an AB test.
Data collection pulls and
mergers all went perfectly.
There was no missing data.
The sample was easily generalizable to
the population you're interested in.
Tests were robust and highly significant.
And actual conclusions were obvious
from the results of your test.
Has this ever happened to you?
>> No.
Of course not.
Instead, your experiments are with
observational data on a sample that isn't
representative of the population
that you're interested in.
You have missing data and
errors in data collection.
Through a complex merging.
The results of your test are borderline
and the conclusions are not clear.
Welcome to data science in real life.
This class is about the ying and
yang of when data analysis is ideal,
versus when it's hard.
We'll cover the common pitfalls and
protections from them in data analysis.
We'll talk about how design can
protect you in your recourse for
when design is out of your control.
We'll discuss when it's appropriate
to throw in the towel and
say that your data just can't answer
the questions that you'd like to ask.
So welcome to the class,
I hope you enjoy it.
And let's begin.